What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When you initialize a new reporitory git creates a new folder in which it saves all the changes of the files.
So you need to do this because git won't work without this.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area has a few differences with the repository. 
You can decide which files you want to have in it. You don't have to do all files into it. So it belongs just to yourself.
And every file you take in it gets bundled for the commits you make so it is pretty clever. 
The repository on the other hand as all files of your project in it. It is more or less not your decision which files you want to have in it. 
I think the big value it offers comes because you can decide which files belong to it and so on which files are bundled in your commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
To make sure, that you have one commit per logical change, you can add the files you edited to the staging area and just commit these files.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
It helps when i want to add a feature to a website and don't know if it works properly.
So i can just make a new branch and ad those feature to that branch. The master stays at it is so i don't have to worry that something gets destroyed. 
This makes everything cleaner and my site is better organized.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
With a diagramm you can see easily which commit belongs to which branch and if there is something that is not reachable.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result is that these are combined into one branch. The code of both gets combined. 
In the diagramm it gets represented that way because the master now has the commits from both branches. The ones from the master itself and the ones from the coins branch