When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
I would want that when i work with others on one project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Because not every commit should be in the remote automatically. Some changes or new features need mor than one commit. So it would make no sense when the ramote has changes that are not finished.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks are only on git. They are clones but just for git. You can also see how many forks someone has. And you can see who has set a fork on your repository.
Clones are just copies of a repository which are mady local from one computer to an other. So there is nothing in the cloud like on git. 
Branches are only in the repository. You can have different branches in it with different versions of the code.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
The real benefit is that you can work offline when you have the last known copy. 
I don't see any other benefit of this practice.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Withoud github i would do it by talking to the ones i am working with. i would let them know by mail or by a messenger when i want to merge something or when a change happened. But it would be a lot more difficult because everyone is running the stuff just local. 
But with github they can see when i make a change and they even get notified automatically when i want to merge something.
They can then look directly on the new code i made and see if something is wrong. 
So github makes it realy a lot easier to work together.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
I would do that when i am working on a new festure of something. A bigger change that i don't know if it is working. 
Or maybe also when i need something completely seperated from the master no matter why. For example a complete new version of the same game. It is the same but a bit different. Maybe a bit harder or seomething else.
